## 12-04-2019

Task 6: Review
What I learned:

- How to create an IAM service account.
- How to create a VM.
- How to authorize a VM to use Google Cloud API using the service account, which is a useful skill for creating automation tools.
- How to Install open-source software on the VM.
- How to configure and test the VM by deploying a Hadoop cluster.
- How to create a global solution by generating a snapshot of the boot disk with the service account authority "baked in."
- How to recreate the clustermaker VM in a different region and test it by deploying another Hadoop cluster in the new region.

There are many ways to provide big data processing in GCP, including BigQuery, Cloud Dataproc, and Cloud Dataflow. You can also use third-party installation tools to deploy Hadoop clusters. In this lab, you learned how to create your own IaaS solution where you have access to and control over all the source code.

During this lab, you learned many IaaS skills that can be leveraged to automate activities through the Google Cloud SDK. This is important for Site Reliability Engineering (SRE). You can build on what you learned here by studying the bdutil source code to see how it works with the Cloud API.

---
I created an IM service account, created a VM, authorized a VM to use the GCPAPI using the service account, installed open source software on the VM, then configured and tested the VM by deploying a Hadoop cluster. You then created a global solution by generating a snapshot of the boot disk with the service account authority 'baked in'. Then you recreated the clustermaker VM in a different region and tested it by deploying another Hadoop cluster in the new region.